---
layout: post
title:  "Greetings from Rubyville"
date:   2018-05-09 10:22:24 -0400
categories:
---

As the end of week four of web development work approaches, I figure its time to
write a blog update!

Since completing the HTML/CSS course, I've been working on delving
deeper into understanding Ruby and working a bit of using Rails. There's so many
different methods in Ruby that learning them all is a bit of a daunting task, but
things are starting to click more in my mind. Previously when using Ruby, I've
not been entirely sure syntactically how to format my code and I think I've made
fairly decent leaps in understanding how code should look.

A major accomplishment this week was that I was able to understand how to install
exercism, interacting with the program through the terminal and trouble shooting
during setup. I think I'm finally getting the hang of doing basic dev tasks and can
understand more technical instructions.

Since my last update, I attended a Girl Develop It course on React.js as well as a
Vue.js meetup.

I'm still waiting on some content to replace filler text for the Gray Acres Hop Site,
but beyond that, the site is ready to go. I started working on a static site focused
on working cat programs in Indiana, but that is still in the fairly early stages.

Moving forward, my plans are to release the Gray Acres site, change the formatting in this blog,
continue working on the workINg cats site. In anticipation of having deeper Ruby/Rails skills,
I'm going to work a bit on front end development on Coloni to make it look more modern.
